c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\bin\Debug\GuessTheAnimals.exe.config
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\bin\Debug\GuessTheAnimals.exe
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\bin\Debug\GuessTheAnimals.pdb
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\Views\AddAnimalView.g.cs
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\Views\ChoosetheAnimal.g.cs
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAnimals.g.cs
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\GuessTheAnimals_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\GuessTheAnimals_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\Views\AddAnimalView.baml
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\Views\ChoosetheAnimal.baml
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAnimals.baml
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\GuessTheAnimals.g.resources
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\GuessTheAnimals.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\GuessTheAnimals.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\GuessTheAnimals.exe
c:\users\balaji.muthukumaran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\GuessTheAnimals.pdb
C:\Users\balaji.muthukumaran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GuessTheAnimals\GuessTheAnimals\obj\Debug\GuessTheAnimals.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
